this is my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 video
where'd it go ba trying to get the video
as clear as possible without getting a
little wavy lines I need to unplug the
USB menu settings applications
development USB debugging and while
we're here
go ahead go back and go to unknown
sources now we're going to plug the USB
back into the computer
android adb interfaces ready to go oh
you know what I'll suppose mean download
mode for that to happen I am an idiot
power it off hold volume down in power
keep holding in TC two icons press the
volume up button to select downloading
mode press volume up again now plug it
in and now we need to run the Odin thing
I keep seeing QB King uncheck this
always so I'm going to go ahead and
check it too and then press Start
alright now with the galaxy tab and
downloading mode this should pop up if
you haven't seen it before just close
that out and here uncheck reset time
always uncheck that click on PDA and
then choose the recovery and then right
here you'll see calm and then a number
and then press Start all right now the
galaxy tab is rebooting and now I'll
switch to the canon 6d v
sweet it says pass and now it's
rebooting
we're going to turn it off once more
once again you hold the left one and
power down and then press volume up the
right one goes down and the left one
goes up install zip from sdcard press
power choose zip press power power and
then yes now go back reboot system now
alright now let's see if we have root we
were not rooted at all before of course
the very first thing I ever install is
titanium backup
allow a super user permission BAM we
have root access now fixing a go install
size my 9 and make a video on that
I'll put a little annotation or
something up so you can click on it and
go see that video when I finally make it
like this video please give it a thumbs
up if you haven't already please
consider subscribing this is what we're
josh do an amount